[Music]
ten shocking theories that show the
other side of history people share
accepted opinions on every famous
historical event however there is a
chance that some of these points of view
were imposed on us by the powers that be
possibly for their profit there are a
few see alternative theories - famous
historical events the alternative does
not always mean correct and they are not
officially recognized however we wish
the last point was true new Egyptian
discoveries scientists still debate the
year of construction of the Egyptian
pyramids the world's oldest monumental
structures it sounds funny but the date
difference goes from several centuries
to a thousand years let's take the Great
Sphinx of Giza as an example the Sphinx
is commonly believed to have been built
during the reign of Pharaoh Khafre in 25
BC however in 1857 the stele of
reviewing was discovered in Giza the
translation of the text on the stele
says that Pharaoh Khafre commanded just
to restore the Great Sphinx not build a
new one so we may be dealing with an
even older monument than was once
believed the deep furrows on the Sphinx
body were proved to be the remains of
water erosion however the weather in
Egypt has not been so rainy for at least
eight thousand years
this brings us to the conclusion that
the Sphinx might be more than 8,000
years old also after the publication of
this investigation the Egyptian
authorities organized the restoration of
the eroded Sphinx parts the stele of
revealing was taken out of the museum
exposition fortune hunting in Troy it is
commonly believed that the city of Troy
was most likely situated on the Turkish
Hill Hiser Lick and later discovered by
archaeologist heinrich schleimann
however his colleagues doubted his
discovery and considered him to be a
fortune hunter now there is a theory
that schleimann self promoted his
discoveries he found similar ancient
ruins and buried a cache of gold museums
have significant doubts about the
authenticity of Prem's treasure found
there the Pearl Harbor attack was
provoked by the USA one theory suggests
that Franklin D Roosevelt understood
that the only way to influence world
history was to interfere in world war 2
although American society strongly held
different opinions this theory claims
that Roosevelt provoked Japan to start
the attack by proposing an ultimatum
document the whole note he knew about
the attack that the Japanese planned
because their battle craft carriers left
their base on the day of the attack for
a positive war outcome it may have been
the right move
the chronology mix-up Isaac Newton was
the first to recognize a mixup in his
monumental work the chronology of
ancient kingdoms amended there were a
lot of mismatches for example there is a
huge disambiguation about the total
number of Egyptian pharaohs the lists of
rulers differ one from another the jaffa
wash on polio a founding figure in the
field of Egyptology found the name of
the Pharaoh shawshanked one in the Bible
and marked the beginning of the
chronology of ancient Egypt this started
a whole three centuries of chronology
that do not even refer to each other the
old Russian state of Kiev ruse confuses
historians - in the 6th century Kiev was
the first Slavic settlement 3 centuries
later it suddenly became a big capital
not much was mentioned in the Chronicles
where did three hundred years of
historical events go there is a theory
that Nestor the chronicler a well known
author of the earliest East Slavic
Chronicle wrote the book on orders from
vladimir ii monomakh the purpose was to
estimate the greatness of the city
before the economic decline the
Carolingian dynasty is a historical
phantom - historian Heriberto Illig
strongly believes the first recognized
emperor charles the great was just a
fictitious character archaeologists
failed to find anything on the territory
of modern-day Germany that
- this dynasty despite numerous
mentioning zuv their castles in the
Chronicles
[Music]
michael jackson faked his death and
moved to bahrain believers of this
theory seem to outnumber those who
simply face the fact that the King of
Pop is long gone his death provokes a
lot of questions and does not give
enough facts the last photograph taken
could have been faked the skin tone is
different and it is not with pictures
through a tinted car window might look
like the person who called 911 and did
not even mention Jackson's name the
security camera recordings disappeared
as did Michael Jackson's doctor after
announcing the news several days before
death he looked physically well his
coffin was closed during the funeral
members of the family may not have been
crying for real the diary was found on
some of the pages the singer wrote about
faking his death several years before
his death
Jackson liked to spend long periods of
time in Bahrain and considered moving to
that country in the summer of 2016
his daughter Paris Jackson posted a
picture which attracted public attention
Jackson's fans think her father was in
the backseat of the car
[Music]
Titanic sinking alternative theories
version number one suggests that the
sunken ship was the Olympic an identical
ship to the Titanic the Olympic was
constructed a year before and was
accidentally damaged with no insurance
to cover the costs to pay the damages
White Star Line came up with the case of
the century they decided to secretly
switch the vessels before the sailing
they wanted to send the old and damaged
Olympic instead of the new Titanic faked
the crash in the sea evacuate the
passengers to the nearest ships and
easily get the insurance money but the
harsh reality showed that the Olympic
sank too quickly and the nearest ships
were not near enough to save the
passengers version number two claims the
Titanic suffered a fire prior to
departure sufficient evidence of this
fact may be found in old photographs of
the ship on its departure day the sides
of the coal bunker are marked with big
dark spots that might indicate an
internal fire John Billy the fireman of
the ship told in his interview that
there was a five day long fire in bunker
6 this story was suppressed to save the
company status after the fire the
burning hot outer hull of the ship could
not stand the hit by the iceberg the
most alluring version says that the
unlucky mummy a famous ancient Egyptian
artifact from the British Museum was
part of lord canterville's luggage on
the Titanic the artifact is mainly
famous for bringing misfortune to the
collector as well as to previous owners
after the Titanic tragedy the paper said
that the unlucky mummy was in fact a
priestess of Amun robbed the inside wall
of the mummy board said leave
oblivion and conquer those on your way
with one sharp look
[Music]
so which theory do you believe in do you
have your own ones share them in the
comments who knows maybe you're the one
will be able to reveal some of the most
mysterious events in history don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]